technology alan and ricardo good night
good architects good night in your
dinner for all the fans of the video
photography and radio control this
segment is special for you speak
we are going to use droids today
like that of forbidden films or
you mean drones actually that's why
the engineer is with us today
luis cantú and salvador gonzalez lg
electronics to talk a little
about this new trend
louis that you can practice to us that is a
drone when I think of a drone
comes terminator or wally or the robots
which is a drone saler as it watches a drone
basically it's a set is a
motorized vehicle with several engines
that can be raised to great distances
or that this is I imagine that they are not
only toys like that has
intelligence is correct has a
logic card that can be programmed
for several for various uses within the
toy industry etc not but good
if you had to define what it is that
makes them completely different from a
toy to this that is special to
video photo since I had to talk like that
as
Well, the great stability that
have or what is technology can be
handle by gps by positioning
inside a coordinate tablet
etc
now he told us that they have something very
interesting that they are flying they have
a kilometer and a half or so of
reach in the radio and then if they go out
or it goes the good signal has a function
special that the signal is reached it
they return directly to your location
where they went on and for example good
I as a user so I would use a drone
we already know that they are not toys are
tools for what they serve well
has many uses one of them is for
aerial photography of video and other for
security and to have fun
mainly also within those that
there are quite a lot more ok that we
it seems if we are going to see a little bit of a
drone in action
we are ready to fly you have seen me
go ahead if you can please
and good to the confusion that had moments
because the star wars characters
they have the similar name
there goes perfect
it's really amazing all the
technology that can integrate these
small devices that we by
example the weekend we went to
foundry to make some shots there
we have the videos on the website and the
they are very parents there are no architect
UFO plane if they wanted to watch the videos
are available on our page
Youtube
And that is going to landing the box
builder and with this you can take
videos or photos or all of them
ok in fact to your dinner we bring a video
also above the cabin
we do not have it yet it's ready
for the video I 'm not the same but I do not know
worry because the video will also be
available on the facebook page of
www.facebook.com diagonal den hits but
that's not all since our friends
they have brought a surprise for all
you who brought us today
that we have already we are going to give a mini
drone of a box but mini for
that they can give it away through their
facebook page like this is if you
you want to carry is very easy simply
enter our facebook there you will find
all the bases and anyone can
participate next week live
here in the studio we will take the
winner of this little drone very many
thank you for joining us and until
next Friday the expected many, many
thank you if we do not fail in terms of
reproduction is that they made a video
very interesting in foundry park
then hopefully we can share it
the next one told you next
it's more tomorrow if they leave it tell me here
our partner pepe silver that what
they can reproduce without grace the gentlemen
we are waiting for you next friday
of course architec thank you thank you
good night there goes another law and comes back
the drone
and we wait for you on Sunday at 9 in the
changes program let's talk about this
survey that are being carried out
municipal authorities of monterrey
to extend the sales schedule of
alcohol we will have here then to
who promote the schedule and to whom
indicate some risks of the extension
of that schedule is the round table
central and we will also interview in
the final part of changes to the mayor of
new laredo tamaulipas licensed
carlos cantú roses villarreal
that's in changes on Sunday so
soon good night, be careful and until
so